c:\users\dsv-moreira\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GeoLocation\WebLocaliza\bin\WebLocaliza.dll.config
c:\users\dsv-moreira\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GeoLocation\WebLocaliza\bin\WebLocaliza.dll
c:\users\dsv-moreira\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GeoLocation\WebLocaliza\bin\WebLocaliza.pdb
c:\users\dsv-moreira\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GeoLocation\WebLocaliza\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\dsv-moreira\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GeoLocation\WebLocaliza\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\dsv-moreira\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GeoLocation\WebLocaliza\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\dsv-moreira\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GeoLocation\WebLocaliza\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\dsv-moreira\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GeoLocation\WebLocaliza\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\dsv-moreira\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GeoLocation\WebLocaliza\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\dsv-moreira\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GeoLocation\WebLocaliza\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\dsv-moreira\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GeoLocation\WebLocaliza\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\dsv-moreira\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GeoLocation\WebLocaliza\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\dsv-moreira\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GeoLocation\WebLocaliza\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\dsv-moreira\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GeoLocation\WebLocaliza\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\dsv-moreira\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GeoLocation\WebLocaliza\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\dsv-moreira\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GeoLocation\WebLocaliza\obj\Debug\WebLocaliza.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\dsv-moreira\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GeoLocation\WebLocaliza\obj\Debug\WebLocaliza.dll
c:\users\dsv-moreira\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GeoLocation\WebLocaliza\obj\Debug\WebLocaliza.pdb
C:\Users\DSV-MOREIRA\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\weblocation\WebLocation\WebLocaliza\bin\WebLocaliza.dll.config
C:\Users\DSV-MOREIRA\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\weblocation\WebLocation\WebLocaliza\bin\WebLocaliza.dll
C:\Users\DSV-MOREIRA\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\weblocation\WebLocation\WebLocaliza\bin\WebLocaliza.pdb
C:\Users\DSV-MOREIRA\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\weblocation\WebLocation\WebLocaliza\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\DSV-MOREIRA\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\weblocation\WebLocation\WebLocaliza\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\DSV-MOREIRA\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\weblocation\WebLocation\WebLocaliza\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\DSV-MOREIRA\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\weblocation\WebLocation\WebLocaliza\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\DSV-MOREIRA\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\weblocation\WebLocation\WebLocaliza\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
C:\Users\DSV-MOREIRA\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\weblocation\WebLocation\WebLocaliza\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\DSV-MOREIRA\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\weblocation\WebLocation\WebLocaliza\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\DSV-MOREIRA\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\weblocation\WebLocation\WebLocaliza\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
C:\Users\DSV-MOREIRA\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\weblocation\WebLocation\WebLocaliza\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\DSV-MOREIRA\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\weblocation\WebLocation\WebLocaliza\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\DSV-MOREIRA\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\weblocation\WebLocation\WebLocaliza\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\DSV-MOREIRA\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\weblocation\WebLocation\WebLocaliza\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\DSV-MOREIRA\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\weblocation\WebLocation\WebLocaliza\obj\Debug\WebLocaliza.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\DSV-MOREIRA\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\weblocation\WebLocation\WebLocaliza\obj\Debug\WebLocaliza.dll
C:\Users\DSV-MOREIRA\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\weblocation\WebLocation\WebLocaliza\obj\Debug\WebLocaliza.pdb
